fix(docs): 2/5 grammar in `book/` (#2214)
tact-lang/tact: docs/src/content/docs/book/exit-codes.mdx

[$0$](#0)     | [Compute][c] and [action][a] phases | Standard successful execution exit code.
[$1$](#1)     | [Compute phase][c]                  | Alternative successful execution exit code. Reserved, but does not occur.
[$2$](#2)     | [Compute phase][c]                  | Stack underflow.
[$3$](#3)     | [Compute phase][c]                  | Stack overflow.
[$4$](#4)     | [Compute phase][c]                  | Integer overflow.
[$5$](#5)     | [Compute phase][c]                  | Range check error — an integer is out of its expected range.
[$6$](#6)     | [Compute phase][c]                  | Invalid [TVM][tvm] opcode.
[$7$](#7)     | [Compute phase][c]                  | Type check error.
[$8$](#8)     | [Compute phase][c]                  | Cell overflow.
[$9$](#9)     | [Compute phase][c]                  | Cell underflow.
[$10$](#10)   | [Compute phase][c]                  | Dictionary error.
[$11$](#11)   | [Compute phase][c]                  | Described in [TVM][tvm] docs as "Unknown error, may be thrown by user programs."
[$12$](#12)   | [Compute phase][c]                  | Fatal error. Thrown by [TVM][tvm] in situations deemed impossible.

> [$13$](#13)   | [Compute phase][c]                  | Out-of-gas error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[$13$](#13)   | [Compute phase][c]                  | Out of gas error.
```

To keep the name as is

### 13: Out of gas error {#13}

If there isn't enough gas to complete computations in the [compute phase](#compute), an error with exit code $13$ is thrown: `Out of gas error`.

> However, this code isn't immediately shown as is—instead, the bitwise NOT operation is applied, changing the value from $13$ to $-14$. Only then is the code displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, this code isn't immediately shown as is — instead, the bitwise NOT operation is applied, changing the value from $13$ to $-14$. Only then is the code displayed.
```

### 14: Virtualization error {#14}

Virtualization error related to [pruned branch cells](/book/cells#cells-kinds). Reserved but never thrown.

## Action phase {#action}

> The [action phase][a] is processed after the successful execution of the [compute phase](#compute). It Attempts to perform the actions stored in the action list by [TVM][tvm] during the compute phase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [action phase][a] is processed after the successful execution of the [compute phase](#compute). It attempts to perform the actions stored in the action list by [TVM][tvm] during the compute phase.
```

:::

### 33: Action list is too long {#33}

If there are more than 255 actions queued for execution, the [action phase](#action) will throw an error with an exit code 33: `Action list is too long`.

```tact
// For example, let's attempt to queue reservation of a specific amount of nanoToncoins
// This won't fail in the compute phase, but will result in exit code 33 in the action phase
repeat (256) {
    nativeReserve(ton("0.001"), ReserveAtMost);
}
```

### 34: Invalid or unsupported action {#34}

There are only four supported actions at the moment: changing the contract code, sending a message, reserving a specific amount of [nanoToncoins](/book/integers#nanotoncoin), and changing the library cell. If there is any issue with the specified action (invalid message, unsupported action, etc.), an error with exit code $34$ is thrown: `Invalid or unsupported action`.

```tact
// For example, let's try to send an ill-formed message:

> nativeSendMessage(emptyCell(), 0); // won't fail in the compute phase,
> // but will result in exit code 34 in the Action phase

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nativeSendMessage(emptyCell(), 0); // won't fail in the compute phase,
                                   // but will result in exit code 34 in the Action phase
```

### 41: Library reference is null {#41}

If a library reference is required during a library change action but is null, an error with exit code $41$ is thrown: `Library reference is null`.

### 42: Library change action error {#42}

If there's an error during an attempt at a library change action, an error with exit code $42$ is thrown: `Library change action error`.

### 43: Library limits exceeded {#43}

If the maximum number of cells in the library is exceeded or the maximum depth of the Merkle tree is exceeded, an error with exit code $43$ is thrown: `Library limits exceeded`.

### 50: Account state size exceeded limits {#50}

> If the account state (essentially, contract storage) exceeds any of the limits specified in [config param 43 of TON Blockchain](https://docs.ton.org/develop/howto/blockchain-configs#param-43) by the end of the [action phase](#action), an error with exit code $50$ is thrown: `Account state size exceeded limits`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the account state (contract storage, essentially) exceeds any of the limits specified in [config param 43 of TON Blockchain](https://docs.ton.org/develop/howto/blockchain-configs#param-43) by the end of the [action phase](#action), an error with exit code $50$ is thrown: `Account state size exceeded limits`.
```

* `ext_msg_limits.max_depth` is equal to $2^{9}$ — maximum external message [depth](/book/cells#cells-representation).
* `max_acc_state_cells` is equal to $2^{16}$ — maximum number of [cells][cell] that an account state can occupy.
* `max_acc_state_bits` is equal to $2^{16} \times 1023$ — maximum account state size in bits.
* `max_acc_public_libraries` is equal to $2^{8}$ — maximum number of [library reference cells](/book/cells#cells-kinds) that an account state can use on the masterchain.
* `defer_out_queue_size_limit` is equal to $2^{8}$ — maximum number of outbound messages to be queued (regarding validators and collators).

## Tact compiler

Tact utilizes exit codes from $128$ to $255$. Note that exit codes used by Tact indicate contract errors, which can occur when using Tact-generated FunC code and are therefore thrown in the transaction's [compute phase](#compute), not during compilation.

### 128: Null reference exception {#128}

If there is a non-null assertion, such as the [`!!{:tact}`](/book/operators#unary-non-null-assert) operator, and the checked value is [`null{:tact}`](/book/optionals), an error with exit code $128$ is thrown: `Null reference exception`.

> This behavior can be modified by setting the [`nullChecks`](/book/config#safety-nullChecks) option to `false`, which will disable run-time null checks. This allows saving some gas; however, it is recommended to use it only for well-tested contracts, as it can lead to less recognizable type errors reported by TVM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This behavior can be modified by setting the [`nullChecks`](/book/config#safety-nullChecks) option to `false`, which will disable runtime null checks and would allow to save some gas. However, it is recommended to use it only for well-tested contracts, as it can lead to less recognizable type errors reported by TVM.
```

Here are some of the functions in Tact which can throw an error with this exit code:

> 1. [`Int.toFloatString(digits){:tact}`](/ref/core-strings#inttofloatstring): if `digits` is not in the interval $0 < \text{digits} < 78$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [`Int.toFloatString(digits){:tact}`](/ref/core-strings#inttofloatstring): if `digits` is not in the interval $0 < digits < 78$.
```
